well I'm here to give my thoughts on
that uh miguel cotto vs jury for who is
your reforming who was he followed like
how did he get the bell who who has he
followed I probably wasn't following box
at their time just I don't know how who
he is uh I just wanna mean I don't know
oh the fight was alright i thought it
was alright the commentators Max
Kellerman they made it seem like you
know those are really good I thought it
was ok you know I want to see more
punches thrown man seemed like formals
get out of there have the time on media
that's did looked like this instead of
fighting which is cool McGill did his
boxing you know as usual we already know
I already know I can't say we already
know already told Miguel Cotto can box
got a nice jab and his feet foot works
pretty good food footwork was pretty
good we fought Shane Mosley uh-uh it got
good footwork he's a strong starter as
usual so this really didn't show me
anything on Cotto be honest with you
really didn't um because Cotto it has
problems with pressure cookers that
people that apply pressure and don't let
off you can't really you can't really
get nothing out of this fight uh Mikkel
go does a good boxer I think it's gonna
take a couple of fights before he starts
getting used to men of many stores
training whatever so you really see some
results I want to see if he gonna can
clinch when he's hurt you know I'm gonna
see things like that don't back up when
somebody's pressuring you stand your
ground and clinch it and do whatever you
got to do because you know he can't
fight going backwards uh you know you're
reforming he got hard really got hard
let the head bakerman center on when he
fell down on his knee would quit right
down the spot quit let your Foreman had
jumped out the ring he would have got
back hit hit a ring
wait when to jump but in London he would
have continued you know that's that
that's what separate the men from the
boys um like I said before this fight
was all right to me um Miguel Cotto this
is little confidence yeah he got a
little confidence under got the belt um
I wonder if he's gonna stay 154 and then
so I would like to see him fight you
know your sergio martinez and your Paul
Williams not now not now I'm probably
know the three fights from now I haven't
had like two more fights and then you
know yeah I want to see if I the
pressure cooker man I mean that's only
how you know what color you dealing with
did all right to me he does it does what
he always you know he starts off strong
we all know that you know so happy
you're reformed is not the type of a guy
to apply the pressure to make till you
can see where kodos heart stands should
I said hard I can't say hard see what
he's gonna do so you know it's all right
to me you know people saying Cotto this
was good i mean this is already you know
show me show me put them in there with a
pressure or pressure goddamn prep
pressure bust pipes we'll see what kodos
made of then until then if every if he
fight somebody they don't apply pressure
call the win Cotto is going to win a
granite I don't think you can be too
well I don't know if he can be the
Sergio Martinez I don't I don't think he
can't be surgeon when teams be honest
with you even though Sergio Martinez he
he does apply pressure at times but he's
so unorthodox man it's ridiculous Willie
fight sergio martinez in the future who
knows will he fight paul williams if
many stewart is his trainer he won't
because I remember many stewart said one
time I forgot who Paul Williams was
fighting
he said that these guys would be crazy
to fight Paul Williams is emitting make
any sense you know why take that risk so
I can't I don't think they're gonna put
him in there with the Paul Williams if
they do or they shocked the shit out of
me um Oh back on the uniform and fight
when they stop the fight uh I don't know
if some reason to ref wanted him to I
don't know I've never seen nothing like
that never seen nothing like that they
keep playing Tommy I see Italian Thunder
rain they normally stopping yeah you
don't know where it came from but they
went to the corner and he asked as a
trainer said who threw the towel and he
said I did so it's all i gotta say about
that fight you know we'll see what color
goes from here you know this is did this
is that was a decent fight for his
confidence man